Source: Geo News
Title: Govt increases petrol price by Re0.45, diesel by Rs1.16 for 24 hours
Date: August 14, 2026

The federal government on Thursday increased the petrol price by Re0.45 per litre and high-speed diesel (HSD) by Rs1.16 per litre for the next 24 hours.
Under the revised rates, petrol will be available at Rs325.43 per litre, while HSD will be priced at Rs383.95 per litre.
The new prices will remain effective for August 14, read the notification.
The levy on diesel has been increased by Re1 to Rs77.28 per litre. The authorities, however, kept the levy on petrol and kerosene unchanged at Rs80 and Rs20.36 per litre, respectively.
The Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority has begun publishing daily petroleum prices on its website to improve transparency and allow international price changes to be passed on to consumers more quickly.
Petroleum Minister Ali Pervaiz Malik said the daily prices are based on a seven-day average of international market prices, in line with international practice.
Amid volatility in global oil rates on the back of renewed hostilities in the Middle East, the government decided to switch to a daily fuel price review mechanism.
The government had introduced a weekly fuel price review system after the conflict in the Middle East began on February 28, when Israel and the United States attacked Iran, leading Tehran to shut the Strait of Hormuz — the main route before the war for around a fifth of global energy supplies.
Tensions have mounted since a fragile June truce between Tehran and Washington collapsed, reviving fears of full-scale war and disrupting energy flows through the Strait.
Previously, the petroleum rates were revised fortnightly.
An official document seen by Geo News has revealed key details of the federal cabinet-approved petroleum pricing mechanism, under which Ogra will issue daily ex-depot prices for petrol and high-speed diesel.
Under the new framework, fuel prices will be determined using the average international market prices recorded over the previous seven days.
The regulator will be authorised to announce daily prices without requiring prior approval from the prime minister or the federal government, while prices notified on Fridays will remain unchanged on Saturdays and Sundays.